Maintenance: CSS flex use cases: updates to guide 7 (#34297)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_flexible_box_layout/typical_use_cases_of_flexbox/index.md

### Flipping the media object

To switch the display of the media object and have the image on the right and content on the left, we set the `flex-direction` property to `row-reverse`.

In this example, we added a `flipped` class next to the `media` class. Remove the class from the HTML to see how the display changes.

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/flexbox/use-cases/media-flipped.html", '100%', 650)}}

## Form controls

> Flexbox is particularly useful when it comes to styling form controls. Forms have lots of markup and lots of small elements that we typically want to align with each other. A common pattern is to have a {{htmlelement("label")}}, {{htmlelement("input")}} element paired with a {{htmlelement("button")}}, perhaps for a search form or where you want your visitor to enter an email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flexbox is particularly useful when it comes to styling form controls. Forms have several small elements that we typically want to align with each other. A common pattern is to have a {{htmlelement("label")}} and {{htmlelement("input")}} pair combined with a {{htmlelement("button")}}, perhaps for a search form or a newsletter sign-up form where you want your visitor to enter their email address.
```

> Flexbox makes this type of layout easy to achieve. The `<label>`, `<input>` and `<button>` are contained in a wrapper, that is set to `display: flex`. The flex properties allow the `<input>` field to grow, while the button and label do not grow. This means the text input field will grow and shrink depending on the space available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flexbox makes this type of layout easy to achieve. The `<label>`, `<input>` and `<button>` are contained in a wrapper that is set to `display: flex`. The flex properties allow the `<input>` field to grow, while the button and label do not grow. The text input field will grow and shrink depending on the space available.
```
